[Docs] Additional note on specifying custom providers in VSCode settings (#88)
sourcegraph/openctx: web/content/docs/creating-a-provider.mdx

    "https://openctx.org/npm/@openctx/provider-hello-world": true
},
```

> When developing locally, configure the provider by pointing the bundled `.js` path in the client(eg. VSCode) settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing locally, configure your provider in the client (e.g., VS Code) by using the path to the bundled `.js` file:
```
